Welcome flow email #1A - Prompt

Leveraging all the information provided earlier, please script the following email, ensuring it aligns with these guidelines:

Tone of Voice: Write in a tone that reflects the brand's personality.
Ensure the body copy is informative and educational, offering valuable tips or insights

Primary Focus:

Introduce and offer the reader a special discount of [INSERT DISCOUNT CODE] on their first purchase.

Highlight Best-Selling Collections:

Showcase the following three collections, explaining why each is valuable and should be explored:

[INSERT COLLECTION 1]: [INSERT VALUE PROPOSITION]
[INSERT COLLECTION 2]: [INSERT VALUE PROPOSITION]
[INSERT COLLECTION 3]: [INSERT VALUE PROPOSITION]

Unique Selling Propositions & Mission:

Emphasize any warranties, commitments, and missions.
Highlight any other unique selling propositions (USPs) that set us apart from competitors.

Additional Guidelines:

Highlight Collections and Benefits:
Encourage them to explore the highlighted collections.
Emphasize the benefits and unique features of these collections.
Include Social Proof:
Add a short testimonial or mention customer satisfaction ratings, make sure this is a real testimonial
Reinforce USPs and Mission:
Remind them of our warranties, commitment to sustainability, and customer-centric mission if that is true.
Call-to-Action (CTA)
Include a compelling CTA that encourages the reader to shop now leveraging any offers mentioned above
Readability
Use short paragraphs and bullet points where appropriate.
Avoid Spam Triggers
Avoid words or phrases that might trigger spam filters.
Legal Requirements:
Include any necessary information to comply with marketing regulations.


Email Structure:

Subject Line (max 50 characters): Craft an engaging subject line that encourages the recipient to open the email and uses the Klaviyo first name tag with the default property value as well.
Preview Text (max 100 characters): Provide a snippet that complements the subject line and entices further reading.
Header Image Text: Suggest themes or ideas for imagery that capture the essence of the email and script the copy that will go into that header image.
Body Copy: write according to the primary and secondary focuses of the email
